We have made a fully functional website on which we have deployed our face liveliness and face detector model. So, User firstly login as admin or as a normal user. Access to admin route is only for Admins who can add new users to database and can modify user details. We have used React, ‘MongoDb’, ‘TailwindCss’, ‘ExpressJs’ for it. For running our model we have converted our ‘keras’ model into tensorflowjs using tensorflowjs converter and then we put ‘model.json’ and other bin files into frontend directory now we load our model and send frames from live video of user after gap of 2000 milliseconds, then our model comes in work and predict for that image frame if image is found live then our second model comes in work which matches face from database which takes send the captured frame in backend written in python. Here we have used fastApi for sending requests from frontend to backend and vice-versa and then matches the face if found true then means user matched so verified successfully then user is now in verified successful page and if not matches then user will be on verification failure page. We use gsap motions for showing animations in website on loading. And for captcha generation we have made our own captcha generator. For sending OTP on login through email id we used NodeMailer which is free service to send emails to user email. We have made separate protected routes for admin and user so one cant enter in other’s route. For producing output in less time we put out model in frontend directory so we can save time for  sending frames to backend many times.There is also a home page which defines working of model and our goals and a about page which describes all our team who worked on this project.There is also a contact page through which users can send queries to us for real time solutions of their problem. We have used CORS for  communication between frontend and backend.
